Extruder Mounts/TBG-Lite Right/README.md, before:

# MiniSB TBG-Lite Right
## PTFE-Holder
The TBG-Lite doesn't hold a PTFE-Reverse Bowden tube by itself, for this the PTFE-Holder is included. Mount by removing the top-left Screw and pushing on the PTFE-Holder and then securing it with a M3x30 BHCS.

The orientation in which the PTFE-Holder is printed makes it crucial that you have good layer adhesion. If you have issues with the part breaking during installation try printing it rotated by 90°, so the PTFE-Hole is at the top and the mounting holes at the bottom.
## BOM
| Part                         | Quantity | Usage                                                        |
|------------------------------|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| M3x5x4 Heatset Insert        | 4        | Strain-Relief Spacers                              |
| M3x30 BHCS | 1 | Replace Screw for PTFE-Holder |
| M3x12 BHCS                   | 3        | TGB-Lite to Cowling |
| M3x8 BHCS                    | 2        | Strain-Relief to X-Carriage                                  |
| M3x6 BHCS                    | 2        | Strain-Relief to Spacers                                     |
| M3x8 FHCS | 1 | Replace Top Motor Screw for Spacers |
|                              |          |                                                              |
| **For Standard-Strain-Relief:**  |          |                                                              |
| M3x25 BHCS                            |   1      |       Replace Bottom Motor Screw for Spacers                                                       |
|                              |          |                                                              |
| **For Alternate-Strain-Relief:** |          |                                                              |
| -                            |          |                                                              |
|                              |          |                                                              |
| **For Umbilical-PCB:**           |          |                                                              |
| M3x6 BHCS                    | 2        | Umbilical PCB to Mounting Plate                              |
## Spacer Sizes
| Strain-Relief Style | LDO-Motor | MOONS-Motor |
|---------|-----|-------|
| Standard | 2x [22.35mm](/Spacers/Octagon-STL/Octagon_Spacer_22.35mm.stl) | 2x [21.85mm](/Spacers/Octagon-STL/Octagon_Spacer_21.85mm.stl) |
| Alternative | 1x [20.35mm](/Spacers/Octagon-STL/Octagon_Spacer_20.35mm.stl), 1x [22.35mm](/Spacers/Octagon-STL/Octagon_Spacer_22.35mm.stl) | 1x [20.35mm](/Spacers/Octagon-STL/Octagon_Spacer_20.35mm.stl), 1x [21.85mm](/Spacers/Octagon-STL/Octagon_Spacer_21.85mm.stl) |
| Umbilical-PCB | 1x [20.35mm](/Spacers/Octagon-STL/Octagon_Spacer_20.35mm.stl), 1x [22.35mm](/Spacers/Octagon-STL/Octagon_Spacer_22.35mm.stl) | 1x [20.35mm](/Spacers/Octagon-STL/Octagon_Spacer_20.35mm.stl), 1x [21.85mm](/Spacers/Octagon-STL/Octagon_Spacer_21.85mm.stl) |
## Images
### Standard
![Standard](images/TBG-Lite-Right_1.png)
### Minified
![Minified](images/TBG-Lite-Right-Minified_1.png)

Commit message:

Clarify BOM, add some Assembly Notes

Extruder Mounts/TBG-Lite Right/README.md, after:

# MiniSB TBG-Lite Right
## PTFE-Holder
The TBG-Lite doesn't hold a PTFE-Reverse Bowden tube by itself, for this the PTFE-Holder is included. Mount by removing the top-left Screw and pushing on the PTFE-Holder and then securing it with a M3x30 BHCS.

The orientation in which the PTFE-Holder is printed makes it crucial that you have good layer adhesion. If you have issues with the part breaking during installation try printing it rotated by 90°, so the PTFE-Hole is at the top and the mounting holes at the bottom.
## BOM
[General BOM](/README.md#general-bom) and following parts are needed
| Part                         | Quantity | Usage                                                        |
|------------------------------|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| M3x5x4 Heatset Insert        | 4        | Strain-Relief Spacers                              |
| M3x30 BHCS | 1 | Replace Screw for PTFE-Holder |
| M3x12 BHCS                   | 3        | TGB-Lite to Cowling |
| M3x8 BHCS                    | 2        | Strain-Relief to X-Carriage                                  |
| M3x6 BHCS                    | 2        | Strain-Relief to Spacers                                     |
| M3x8 FHCS | 1 | Replace Top Motor Screw for Spacers |
|                              |          |                                                              |
| **For Standard-Strain-Relief:**  |          |                                                              |
| M3x25 BHCS                            |   1      |       Replace Bottom Motor Screw for Spacers                                                       |
|                              |          |                                                              |
| **For Alternate-Strain-Relief:** |          |                                                              |
| -                            |          |                                                              |
|                              |          |                                                              |
| **For Umbilical-PCB:**           |          |                                                              |
| M3x6 BHCS                    | 2        | Umbilical PCB to Mounting Plate                              |
## Spacer Sizes
| Strain-Relief Style | LDO-Motor | MOONS-Motor |
|---------|-----|-------|
| Standard | 2x [22.35mm](/Spacers/Octagon-STL/Octagon_Spacer_22.35mm.stl) | 2x [21.85mm](/Spacers/Octagon-STL/Octagon_Spacer_21.85mm.stl) |
| Alternative | 1x [20.35mm](/Spacers/Octagon-STL/Octagon_Spacer_20.35mm.stl), 1x [22.35mm](/Spacers/Octagon-STL/Octagon_Spacer_22.35mm.stl) | 1x [20.35mm](/Spacers/Octagon-STL/Octagon_Spacer_20.35mm.stl), 1x [21.85mm](/Spacers/Octagon-STL/Octagon_Spacer_21.85mm.stl) |
| Umbilical-PCB | 1x [20.35mm](/Spacers/Octagon-STL/Octagon_Spacer_20.35mm.stl), 1x [22.35mm](/Spacers/Octagon-STL/Octagon_Spacer_22.35mm.stl) | 1x [20.35mm](/Spacers/Octagon-STL/Octagon_Spacer_20.35mm.stl), 1x [21.85mm](/Spacers/Octagon-STL/Octagon_Spacer_21.85mm.stl) |

## Assembly
Before installing the extruder to the cowling you'll have to replace the top motor screw (behind the idler tensioning arm) with the M3x8 FHCS. To do this you'll have to take appart the whole extruder and reassemble it after replacing this screw.
## Images
### Standard
![Standard](images/TBG-Lite-Right_1.png)
### Minified
![Minified](images/TBG-Lite-Right-Minified_1.png)
